---
title: 歌手
date: 2023-07-05 23:09:05
tags:
---
李玟因抑郁症去世了，唉


追记 2023-08-26


I was originally thinking of starting a new post just for practice. However, with today's major news of EGOIST announcing their cessation of activities and the main vocalist, chelly, deciding to pursue a solo career, I had no choice but to share a few words on this matter. 
I first got to know EGOIST through "Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress." I think that's also around the time when a singer, affectionately referred to by fans as "Ms. Zhao," became known...
Speaking of "Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress," all I remember is its broadcast on Bilibili where they used full-screen blackouts to censor violent scenes, and how it was suddenly taken down just before its final episode. Back then, they didn't have the practice of reviewing content before airing.
EGOIST was born from "Guilty Crown," and the music was composed by my favorite composer, ryo from supercell. Then, on April 16, 2020, an update on supercell's member blog stated that ryo would no longer compose for EGOIST and would entrust different composers for their music, which hinted at their potential hiatus.
In fact, on June 6, 2021, a tweet from reche (@reche_rche, formerly @chelly_zzz) announced: Since the EGOIST concert announcement last December, a lot of preparations have been made, and the day to announce has finally come. Starting today, I will be pursuing solo activities under the name 'reche'. However, I will occasionally continue as chelly (EGOIST) and continue EGOIST activities.
This was a clear signal of going solo. And since EGOIST didn't switch main vocalists like supercell did, it wasn't surprising for EGOIST to announce their cessation of activities.
So, I went on to watch "Guilty Crown." After all, it's where it all started for this group.
Back in 2016 when "Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress" was aired, there were rumors that the quality of EGOIST's compositions had declined. Given ryo was also handling supercell's responsibilities, it was understandable that he later stopped composing for EGOIST. 
Later, ryo composed the ending theme for the first quarter of "Mobile Suit Gundam: Witches of Mercury." It's hard to judge, and it's unclear why there was such a noticeable decline in quality.
Why am I writing about this? Because in some group chats, some casual fans merely followed the trend saying, "It's such a pity," unaware that EGOIST's day of halting was inevitable...
Such feelings are perhaps evidence that I've become an 'old-timer', at least in some spiritual sense.